hey I'm syvia Perez I'm the founder of
adcon conversion.com and in this quick
video tutorial I want to teach you how
to choose the best ad platform for B2B
SAS so if you're a B2B marketer watching
this and you're trying to decide where
you should invest your ad dollars my
goal is for you to walk away from this
video with a really clear plan so what
we went ahead and did was we interviewed
60 B2B marketers working at hypergrowth
startups and we asked them all kinds of
questions around where they're
advertising what did they find work best
for brand awareness lead generation uh
where are they planning to invest and uh
a couple other things as well that we're
going to cover in this article in
addition to that I want to start off by
just giving you some context on where
you can advertize and also some core
things to take into consideration so you
can make an informed decision for
yourself after hearing what these other
B2B marketers had to say so let's dive
into it I'll be using this article as a
visual reference you can actually check
out this article in the description box
down below and you can uh read it for
more details after this video so let's
start off with the very highest of level
which is where can you advertise online
in the first place there are no shortage
of
opportunities with platforms that will
take your money uh in exchange for
giving you visibility and in my
experience you can group the primary
channels online into five categories so
you've got paid social paid search paid
review programmatic and sponsorships So
Paid social is advertising on social
platforms like YouTube LinkedIn Facebook
Instagram X or Twitter
Tik Tok Kora and Reddit each one of
these platforms have their own ad
managers that you can sign up for put a
credit card on file and start to
advertise and reach their users next is
paid search so this is advertising on
search engines like Google or Microsoft
the next one is paid review this is
advertising on review platforms where
they collect uh different listings of
different software profiles and then
people go to there to understand and
explore different softwares for
different categories so you've got
capterra software advice and select Hub
next we have programmatic so
programmatic is advertising outside of
these different primary platforms known
as wal Gardens and this is advertising
on the open internet so you have display
digital audio connected TV and Native
and then finally we have sponsorships
which is uh advertising directly with
individuals or organization so think
influencers newsletters events podcasts
all of this can be kind of bucketed
under sponsorships so you know like just
stopping here you can see you have a
fair share amount of channels that you
could potentially consider in terms of
putting add dollars how do you even go
about prioritizing where to start and
what makes the most sense for your B2B
organization all right so here's four
key criteria I recommend that you really
focus on to be able to narrow down all
of the channel options available for you
so first things first is your targeting
options so if you have to ask yourself
can you reach your ideal customer
profile based on the available targeting
options and if you're if let's say
you're you're considering Kora as a
channel to invest in you should create a
free Kora ads account and then go in the
cor ads manager create a fake campaign
and just see what audience targeting
options they have available and
understand if there's an opportunity for
you to reach your ideal customer profile
on a platform like Kora if the answer is
no then you should already rule out this
channel because you're not going to be
able to reach your ideal customer
profile right and the whole idea here is
to get in front of the right people so
we can build our businesses so that's
the first question you have to ask
yourself in terms of a a key criteria on
if a channel is going to make sense the
second thing you want to ask yourself is
how much does it cost per click and per
thousand Impressions how expensive will
this channel be and do you have enough
budget to be able to fight a winnable
fight so at the end of the day you know
there is part art and part science when
it comes to running ads and on the
science part you need enough Impressions
to Drive enough clicks you need enough
clicks to drive conversions you need
enough conversions to drive qualified
conversions and so on and so forth so on
the science side of things you need to
make sure that your unit economics make
sense or you're just not going to fight
a winnable fight so what I recommend
that you do is you run a pilot campaign
it doesn't have to be a lot of money
that you invest just $100 to understand
what's your real cost per click and your
real cost per thousand Impressions
ideally you can afford at least 100
clicks so that way you can get enough of
a sample size and with that now you have
an understanding on are you fighting a
winnable fight does this channel make
sense for you and should you invest more
into it the next question you should ask
yourself is reach how large is your
audience size within the available
targeting options so when you're looking
at the targeting options how big is the
size of people right so if you notice on
Kora maybe there is a specific topic
that resonates with your ideal customer
profile and you think you can reach them
there but there's only 100 people and
you're selling a product for 100 bucks a
month or 100 bucks a year doesn't make
sense these are the questions you have
to ask yourself right so is the reach
substantial to justify the return on
effort to build all the corresponding
campaigns and do all the work that is
required in order to actually
successfully advertise on this platform
and then finally the fourth criteria you
need to ask yourself is policy does this
platform allow your industry to serve
ads without restriction for certain
industries unfortunately you have the
short end of the stick and uh certain
platforms are going to be more adverse
to your type of Industry advertising on
them versus others so you just got to do
some research and understand can you
advertise for your industry on that
platform so after you go through these
four key criteria you're going to
dwindle down all of these options that
we talked about here uh for your
specific channels available right so for
example if I'm running ABM as a B2B SAS
company uh that means I need the ability
to Target a specific list of companies
or or to get in front of a specific list
of companies that means right off the
bat a lot of these channels are
eliminated because I can't guarantee
exposure to certain companies like
predictably I should say because there
are ways you can kind of finesse it and
you have to get creative with your
targeting sometimes but in terms of
actually being able to predictably
Target your list of companies that for
the most part is going to put you on
Linked In and a very few other select
platforms if you're running ABM so
things to consider in terms of the four
criteria I now let's get into the
qualitative results so after uh
surveying these 60 bdb marketers let's
go ahead and show you what we learned so
one of the questions we asked these
individuals on the survey was which ad
platforms are best for B2B lead
generation and uh here was the results
so after uh surveying all these
individuals these were the the top
platforms for B2B lead generation so
Google ads with 52% uh LinkedIn ads with
38% Facebook ads with 3.6% and then
Instagram ads with
1.8% and if you actually look at the
entire uh breakout here it was Google
ads in the lead followed by LinkedIn
then Facebook then capterra Instagram
and Native ads were all pretty much
equal at
1.8% so these are different platforms to
consider in terms of if lead generation
is your primary focus for B2B based on
what others have reported that works
well for them the next question question
we asked everyone was which ad platforms
are best for B2B awareness and this is
what we found so
56% reported LinkedIn ads as the primary
channel for bdb awareness and this is
kind of no surprise and this is kind of
what you would expect given the fact
that LinkedIn allows you to have all
these firmographic targeting options uh
in addition to the ability to Target
very specific companies uh it makes
sense but it was represented in this uh
this result here so 56% said LinkedIn uh
this was quite surprising YouTube and
Facebook were tied at
12.3% uh and then Google ads had 10.5%
Instagram 1.8 and connected TV had 3.5%
which I thought was quite interesting to
see more and more Budget moving towards
that platform and uh if you want to see
the whole right up here you can see it
was LinkedIn uh followed by Facebook and
YouTube where tied then Google then
connected TV display and then finally
Instagram ads all right next question
was which ad platforms are the most
popular for B2B so what we asked the uh
the sample of individuals was which
advertising platforms are you currently
investing in so they had to select the
channels that they're only running ad
dollars against so we can get a sense of
popularity by Channel and after we
reviewed the data this is what we saw so
uh it was a little bit more diverse here
but Google ads was number one with 20.2%
of the total P then it was was LinkedIn
ads with 18.8 then Facebook ads then
Instagram ads then YouTube then
Microsoft then Capa display tide and
then finally native ads which I thought
was quite interesting and you can see
the entire right up here from start to
finish in terms of the popularity by
channel so again don't forget those four
key criteria that we talked about at the
start of this video when you're deciding
your options right cuz maybe someone
said you know the majority of the people
are are running and investing in Google
ads but if you're not operating in a
known category with with ample search
volume then paid search probably won't
make sense for you so things to consider
uh all right and um let's go ahead and
wrap up here with which ad platforms are
most B2B marketers planning to invest in
so the question was here when I when I
asked the uh the survey it was where are
you not advertising currently but you're
planning to within the next six months
and uh this is what we got back was a
lot of different answers and it was
quite interesting so uh the majority of
people mention YouTube ads so a lot of
BB marketers are very interested in in
testing YouTube followed by X Twitter
ads uh with the with a close second then
Reddit ads then connected TV then audio
display Microsoft Facebook Capa uh and
the list goes on so a lot of video
content uh I see as being the the
consistent theme here so people saying
they want to invest in YouTube want to
invest in Connected TV so it's
interesting to see B2B marketers
starting to consider branching out of
the traditional platforms of LinkedIn
Google uh meta and starting to explore
some of these other mediums where you
can get a lot of Impressions at a much
cheaper cost right like YouTube and uh
connected TV so that is it for this
video I hope it was helpful all in all
when it's going to come down to and
making your final decision don't forget
those four key criteria your targeting
op Ops your media cost your reach and
your policy when factoring in your final
decision and I hope this is a helpful
reference to see and hear what other B2B
marketers are saying works for them and
what they're considering if you want to
access this article I'll have it linked
in the description box down below and if
you want to learn more about advertising
and B2B then definitely check us out at
ad conversion.com we teach B2B marketers
how to scale paid ads with free courses
taught by the world's best practitioners
and uh you can join and sign up for our
courses today and then in addition to
that if you like content like this then
go ahead and check out this playlist
here and it'll take you much further
down the rabbit hole on all things BB
ads I'll see you in the next one